What the program needs to be able to do:
      1. Able to get the time, either when uploaded to the Arduino or updates from an app connected to a phone by bluetooth of wifi
              - Work out a way for the Arduino to automatically get the time and date from the computer when compiling and uploading the code to the Arduino
      2. Refresh the time on the word clock every minute by turining on the corresponding lights
      3. Needs to keep track of the dates to be able to turn on the Happyh Birthday lights and keep tracks of when the clocks go forwards and backwards
      4. Make sure the clock can be reliably powered for long periods of time


Pins being used:
7 - LED strip pin
10 - LED 1
11 - LED 2
12 - LED 3
13 - LED 4


What needs to be done to get the word clock ready:
      1. Make sure the LEDs can be communicated to the by the Arduino, and that the library consistently works to control the LEDs
      2. Finish getting the letters out of the from the front face
      3. Spray paint the inside 3D printed grid white for better light diffusion, and glue the diffusing places into the correct places --> need to make sure light cannot escape as a result of the print warping
      4. Spray paint the wood matt black for improvd visuals
      5. Add holes for cables to be able to get into the back of the word clock
      6. Add the minute LEDs and their resistors to the circuit
      7. Design a custom PCB with some ability to change the time remotely ==> need to design and interfacing app to be able to connect to it


Things still to add 15/7/21:
      	1. Create an app that allows communication via bluetooth --> potentially can just use the bluetooth terminal on the phone to communicate commands to the serial line
	2. Need to create a night mode --> turn down the lights from 10 to 7 --> allow for the app/terminal to completely turn off the lights when required, but need to turn back on at 6
	3. Make sure there are no shorts in the electronics
	4. Glue down the electronics in the case --> may need to widen some of the gaps

	
//Need to make sure there is a common ground between the LED 5V power supply and the Arduino
//Could consider adding a 1000uF capacitor over the 5V power input connection to smooth the signal

//Need to investigate how to make setting the time easier --> potentially just set for a time in the future and then connect the power
    // Potentially considering adding a bluetooth or wifi module to allow for remotely changing the time --> may need to make an app that can communicate with the phone
//Need to make sure the Arduino can be powered by the sanme 5V input as the Arduino
